Controller info endpoint and API integration examples (#75)
cirruslabs/orchard: IntegrationGuide.md

![](docs/orchard-api-documentation-browser.png)

## Using the API

> Since everything is relative, we'll show how to consume the API using Python's request library (lower level abstraction) and our Golang package (higher level abstraction) in the hope that this will aid in understanding.

Reviewer: Maybe rephrase it to something like:

```suggestion
Below you'll find examples of using Orchard API via vanilla Python's request library and Golang package that Orchard CLI build on top of.
```
